Container proxy FQDN important note (#1734)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: modules/installation-and-upgrade/pages/proxy-container-installation.adoc

|===

[IMPORTANT]
====

> Ensure the container proxy has a unique FQDN. This should NOT be the same as the FQDN of the container host host, and should be resolvable for any assigned clients of the proxy.
> ====

Reviewer: I propose reusing phrases from the `network-requirements.adoc` file:
```suggestion
The container proxy must have a unique Fully Qualified Domain Name (FQDN).
This should not be the same as the FQDN of the container host.
To ensure that the {productname} domain name can be resolved by its clients, both container proxy and client machines must be connected to a working DNS server.
You also need to ensure that reverse lookups are correctly configured.
====

```
